to do to do well to help i
guys now we have to prepare
well I already came a week earlier
to work and I hope to help
give many situations and to our fans
but for me an appeal was wrong
another other penalty
how this was born
but if the first ones all said that
I refused to refuse Genoa
many years ago
I can can say something that I don't have
never refused to refuse Genoa
contact with genoa has had this
January I talked to talked with
mister who called me that mature
apples asked are available to come
to Genoa for given my word then not
nothing was done
in January because galatasaray wanted me
hold up until the championship then are
other offers also arrived
then nothing like I said before I have
talked to with the mister gave the
word and two weeks ago I signed the
contract and I'm glad I'm here
tactics
but for now we have not talked about
states that we only talked about running
and told me that I have to prepare well
I have to put myself in place
because a year passed a very year
difficult in turkey with little training
Also playing are just here to have
arrangement I hope to do well as
said before helping the boys and by
give many high solutions perhaps
Yes No
and i'm sorry myself because i'm
playing that also with the shirt of
naples was important for me to do
well
then I know that there is a pooley in Genoa
good relationship
nothing we did a big game
now as you said in the future I hope
to do well here for me look
delbono are not important and
important that the team plays well
wins
war to be honest in turkey ho
I don't know, given a few standard games
that Genoa made a great deal
championship and I'm sorry because it's not
went to europe because they showed
on the Chievo field they deserved it
then I know the coach teams
gasperini plays a spectacular kick
play ahead they run a lot and in my opinion
we can have so much fun
r
when and there were 18 of the heretics
years now is ten days there euro 32
but I still feel good about giving again
so this team is like this
said before I talked to mister
absolutely commit well
physically then it will be seen
but no I do what he asks me to do
the coach asks me
then we see surely I don't know what
his teams also run so much
strikers run much though
I'm here on purpose they came to me
made available to coaches and then
I hope to do a good preparation there
there are so many games to play there will be
space for everyone because we know that
he wants wants to run so much by asks
so much by his players
surely there is space in the space
for everyone